Feature/build pipeline GitHub (#112)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/src/github/setup-build-pipeline.asciidoc

:provider: Github
:pipeline_type: workflow

> :trigger_sentence: This workflow will be configures to be executed inside a CI pipeline for the build workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:trigger_sentence: This workflow will be configured to be executed inside a CI pipeline
```
